Tianze, is this your friend?
That's right, I didn't expect Xiao Lingtian to be a bastard
Lawlessness to this point
Dare to traffic in people
Tianze, don't act rashly
These are all Xiao family members
Let's take a picture of your friend first.
Then make plans
It has to be like this for now
What is the reserve price of Yada Shao?
Base price 10 million
Each increase is not less than 1 million
I give 15 million
I give 18 million
I 100 million
Oh, which boss is this?
So pretty
Oh, they make me play with all kinds of women
I'm worth it. I'm worth it.
Congratulations to this gentleman for 100 million price
Take the first one.
Open with one hand to pay and one hand to deliver